Using shadecn component lib to create ui elements.
shadecn.com tells you everything you need to know so, that it can be used in your project.
    Good thing about shadecn is that all the components that are imported come with their source code
    therfore you can modify the code to your liking.


ROUTING IN NEXT JS:
https://nextjs.org/docs/getting-started/project-structure
Any folder with a page.tsx can be used in a route( the address in the search bar 'xyz.com/abc/ddd/ex)
Every page.tsx within a folder needs to export default.
If there is no export default then its not going to be registered as a route.
The name of the component you are exporting does not matter it can be the shared amongst all the page.tsx files that 
 are in different folders.  

Every parent folder can have a page.tsx in it.

If you change the folder types ( (xyz), _xyz) and for some reason the webpage doesn't work then it probably means 
that nextjs is confused because of the folder type change.
To fix this shut down the npm dev server 
            delete the next.js folder at the top of the explorer 
            and then npm run dev again and you are good to go


LAYOUT 
Whenever you want to create a side bar use a layout.tsx file.
Elements (navbar) that are inside this file are not re-rendered every time a new url is loaded, it save some computing
power. 
In order to use the child routes, interface must be used to import child page.tsx. 


CONVEX 
npx convex dev
If you keep this running, then any changes that you make to your database schema are automatically synchronized 
Things will work even if you don't keep this running, but everytime you make a change to the database schema 
you will need to run this command again
This is an improvement on the prisma schema updation.

36:55

CLERK 
This is a platform that provides its API for user authentication that devs can implement in their code.

middleware is a reserved keyword in nextjs


HOW TO IMPLEMENT CONVEX AND CLERK
instal convex --> npm install convex
THis link will tell you the rest of the steps --> https://docs.convex.dev/auth/clerk
install clerk --> npm install @clerk/nextjs   
THis link will tell you the rest of the steps --> https://dashboard.clerk.com/apps/app_2enzPKW8n76MJQLNh7WNHzboZ2E/instances/ins_2enzPWRctbs1G1Y4fdl6kODQF6e
1. Go to convex and create an application (itc boardy)
2. Go to JWT templates and create one (itc convex is the name)


57:55

The (dashboard) folder is just for the devs understanding and is only for organizing.

When 'use client' is used at the top of a code, it means that 
the particular is a client side component and not a serverside compnent.
Therefore hooks can be created in such files.

tooltip is for those helpful dialog boxes that appear when you 
hover over an icon.

1:44:41

If it is a hook then there needs to be a 'use client' at the 
top of the code